This project is about German Automobile Industry i tried to find relevant data and perform suitable analysis and visualisations in order to answer following questions:   
What are the highest selling brands? What are the most popular types of vehicles? What is the service stations network in the country?  What are the sources of Energy?

German dataset consists of 57 different passenger car brands and total of 88 brands for vans, trucks and buses. There was in total 32 204 967 passenger cars sold in Germany over last 10 years, which corresponds to 39 new cars per 100 inhabitants. Trucks are total of 2 897 332, buses of 60 757, no data about Vans were available. The highest selling passenger cars brand is also for Germany Volkswagen. Volkswagen was again the absolute top brand in all examined years (i.e. 2011-2020) with the total of 6 460 325 passenger cars sold, maximum sale was in 2011 with 685,84K. It is kind of intuitive that for Germans Volkswagen is even more popular than other brands. Every 23rd  person in Germany bought a Volkswagen within last ten years.
Sales of 11 different car types were investigated within the period of 2013 to 2021. Figure shows the sales per type of a vehicle by country 2013 – 2020 .The best-selling type of car examined in Germany is is Small SUV, reaching popularity in different years,Least popular type of cars are are: Executive Cars, Luxury Cars and Sports Cars.In Germany Small SUVs got in the top in 2018.Germans prefer Small SUVs, Small Cars, Medium Cars, Mini Cars and eventually Large Cars. After all, and it may seem strange.
For the developed countries like Germany, they normally follow the path in decreasing the vehicles that is working with petrol; however, our graphs show that the usage of petrol has risen since the middle of the decade. There are some factors for that, first, the appliances that needs electric energy to work in our daily lives increase every year and our energy sources that provides clean energy does not increase in the same phase. On the other hand, petrol is more accessible and cheaper to acquire, and it is tried and tested for many years, countries cannot leave the petrol cars at this stage. Nevertheless, we can see a decrease in the amount of diesel usage, which is according to data from the NGO Transport and Environment polluting more CO2 emissions that are known to more harmful to the climate and cause global warming. Decrease in diesel cars is therefore perceived as a good trend.  If we check the proportion of hybrid and electric cars, there is also growing trend and we can expect this trend to rise in the following years as the European Union countries have passed laws of banning petrol and diesel cars by 2035. 
